## Why CallScheduler?

CallScheduler is a module I created to address a few caveats with the default roblox functions that achieve something similar; (e.g `wait()`, `delay()`)
I won't go too into specifics because this isn't a rant, but I will address some of the glaring issues with those functions:

* Lack of flexiblity: `wait()` and `delay()` are stand-alone functions, you cannot in *any* way interact with their internal state, this means that any usage outside of "schedule & forget" will be difficult, if not impossible to achieve, this module addresses that by providing a mutable internal state exposed through two module functions: `Scheduler.Add()` and `Scheduler.Remove()`. 

* Uncontrollable, and relatively unpredictable problematic throttling: `wait()` and `delay()` are [both tied to the ROBLOX Task Scheduler](https://imgur.com/a/ZQACsI4). They each impact it some, but more importantly; when the scheduler is under load these functions will begin to throttle and execution time of your threads / calls will begin to take a noticable hit in accuracy. (This is why you see some people in the roblox community go on about how `spawn()` and `wait()` should not be used large scale because they may just refuse to run or take far longer than intended to run.) You cannot control this behavior aside from just putting less work on the scheduler, granted you cannot control this behavior with my module either; however there is no throttling implemented by default as you will almost never need it, but you can add this functionality yourself if you desire. 

* Outdated / redundant approach to 'scheduling': `wait()` and `delay()` do not exactly have a very ergonomic approach to resuming / executing what you schedule, for `wait()` this is resuming a paused thread, and for `delay()` this is calling a newly created thread. In `wait()`'s case, this behavior is extremely redundant because it forces the need to workaround this force-yielding behavior through things like creating new threads, or relying on events (if applicable) to handle it for you. In `delay()`'s case, it forcibly spawns your thread. The impact of this is much less pronounced on the caller's side (yours), but still has a bit of a performance toll and is generally redundant behavior.
Comparatively, my module's approach to the way what you schedule is executed; is a little bit less encapsulated than roblox's functions. By default, it will just call the function you feed it. Because it uses generic call syntax, this means you can feed it a function wrapped by `coroutine.wrap` and consequently control if you want to yield or not, this is mostly just a niche case but it's a good thing to have. 

* Lack of customizability: Again, this comes down to how `wait()` and `delay()` just lack any form of interface, this is not ideal for when trying to appease the use cases of a whole platform. With this module, the customizability is being able to control exactly if something is scheduled or not, and being able to precisely control whether your call will be spawned on a new thread. 
